Welcome Long Shuai Welcome Long Shuai Shuai
Be handsome
Luo Shuai
Today is the big day for Long Shuai to increase your title
Dragon City was spared because of you
You are our God
This is a token that symbolizes your supreme status
Please accept it.
Long Jingtian swears here
As long as I live
There will be no disaster in Dragon City
Long Shuai is mighty
Dad, dad, answer the phone
Dad finally answered the phone
Come on, mom is dying
Dad kid
Did you make the wrong call?
I don't have kids.
Yueyue is correct
Have you forgotten my mother?
My mother is Ye Fanxing
What are you worried about?
Mom's real name is in the hospital
Come and save mom
Did she have a baby with me?